hey guys so here's my water catchment
system there are 3 275 gallon tanks I
think that's 825 gallons total they came
clear i paid 85 bucks apiece for em off
craigslist these two had corn syrup in
him and the end one over here had
organic sunflower oil and there you know
waste from the food industry I put a
screen netting over the top and to
filter out and keep any larval larvae
from getting out of there they were
clear I painted in blue in hopes that I
can keep a lot of light out of them you
really can't see any light blue color
coming out of on the other in through
here so there's no sunlight coming
through so hopefully the algae won't
grow so much they have a big cap on the
front and that's holding the water back
they have a hinge right here that
normally I was the valve that you'd open
up to have the corn syrup come out this
is a standard hose fitting here with it
a little fitting here and this is let me
think what it's called nylon cracked
bulkhead fitting call the bulkhead
fitting it's about 12 13 bucks from home
depot or lowes and that's what you want
to use you drill a hole that's a
specific size that you need to drill
with like a paddle bit or a hole saw and
then you just screw it in hand tight it
holds water hold it good and I have
three different expandable black
accordion tubes for a water drainage I
put a wide connector on the garage and I
bolted it to the side and then you swap
either one of these some fittings off of
here to their different lengths to
accommodate each tank of three tanks I
don't have them all fitted together I
know
people might say that I should or
something but you know what they fill up
really slow so that's just fine our
garage is probably 40 feet long on this
side that's actually guttered and kind
of see here and I temporarily piped in
the water from the other side I just ran
the downside around because it's getting
kind of dry around here I live in
Vancouver Washington that far from
Portland and a summer time sir and that
late spring can be really really dry I
just wanted to use rainwater on my
garden save some money and I guess this
is a future investment on that really
saving money this year but we'll see how
it goes I am now going to run something
over here because the water is obviously
spelling / I filled up all these tanks
and I don't want any erosion to occur
down here so I'm just going to run a
pipe out into the yard a little bit
further and put a piece of plastic down
where it comes out in case it's gushing
so that ad so that we don't get any
erosion but really excited this is our
garden space we just tilt it up and gets
really good mid afternoon and evening
sun even though there's a garage here
that's north so this is you know west
year and south there's some big trees so
maybe around one or two p.m. the
afternoon we start getting some really
good son excited another big sense or
under perimeter here to keep the dogs
out but rabbits and deer and such will
easily find their way in I'm sure hey
Ben Ben say hi what needs
Cody Cody oh look you're not gonna be
able to get in here pretty soon
that sack